Date: 8.29.2025 - Subject: We coverd how to generate ssh keys, which i have done be for for github it I kinda forgot how it worked so the refresher was nice. I also didnt know that  ssh -T git@github.com was a command that could check your git hub connection status. Also im glad that I use a mac since windows with WSL looks like a pain. 

Date 9.5.2025 - Ask good questions get product owners/ people to really say what they want and need, people dont always know what they want but the do know that the have a problem usually. Then read it back draw pictures anything to make sure that what they are saying is what they want. product managers can be satiated by having good estimations and help get your stuff done. The Flask assignment was helpful in friguring out to host things localy Im going to take some screenshots to document it since there are a lot of words to copy. 

Date 9.10.25 - Know the domain you are working in, regardless of how good of a programmer you are if you dont know the doamin it can be challenging to code anything for it. 

Date 9.12.25 - talked about branch merging and how to do it, if you have a conflict use git pull --no-rebase so that it pulls down the main branch and you can edit them in your ide to fix the conflict and then you can push, and everyone will need to pull again 

Date 9.15.25 - how to make a new branch "git checkout -b {new_branch_name}" to set new branch as your working branch" git git push --set-upstream origin {branch_name}" to switch between branchs use "git switch {desired_branch}" then you must deleeat an old branch that is no longer in use by "git branch -d {branch_name}"  